Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

This approach is misleading as the users have different numbers of friends and
so it can't be compared in terms of similarity. If all the users had similar number
of friends then there might be a way to compute their similarity. 








2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.
The White House is the official residence and workplace of the President of 
the United States. As both of them were standing for US Presidency elections
so it is quite obvious they would follow Whitehouse twitter account even though
they are rivals. 












3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

If we look at Donald Trump's Following list, he mostly follows the accounts of 
the users which are close to him whereas Gary Johnson being from the minor party 
follows over 3k accounts mainly for networking in order to gain the popularity.

This will make our graph analysis denser towards Gary Johnson side and sparser 
towards Trump's side. 







4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

The 4 candidates('DrJillStein', 'GovGaryJohnson', 'HillaryClinton', 'realDonaldTrump')
need 4 api calls. They have 1649, 3488, 769 and 45 friends respectively.
Therefore, 4 + 1649 + 3488 + 769 + 45 = 5955 api calls. Twitter rate limit is 15 requests
for every 15 min window. Therefore, It will take approximately 5955 mins to complete the entire API request.

